---
layout: page
title: Front Matter
permalink: /front-matter/
---

## Copyright and Licensing

### General

Unless otherwise noted, this site's content is copyright © Eric
S. Stone and licensed under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).

![Creative
Commons License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc/4.0/80x15.png)

### Source Code and Scripts

Site content comprising source code or scripts is licensed under an
MIT License:

Copyright 2017 Eric S. Stone

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Disclaimer

All data and information provided on this site is for informational
purposes only. I make no representations as to accuracy, completeness,
currentness, suitability, or validity of any information on this site
and will not be liable for any errors, omissions, or delays in this
information or any losses, injuries, or damages arising from its
display or use. All information is provided on an as-is basis.

## Affiliations

I am an employee of Amazon Web Service Inc. however the views
expressed here are mine alone and do not necessarily reflect the views
of my employer.

## Disclosure

I am not compensated to provide opinion on products, services,
websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on
this site are purely mine. If I claim or appear to be experts on a
certain topic or product or service area, I will only endorse products
or services that I believe, based on my expertise, are worthy of such
endorsement. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other
representation about a product or service should be verified with the
manufacturer or provider.

Links to products discussed may include an [Amazon
Associates](https://affiliate-program.amazon.com/) or similar code, so
if you follow such a link from this site I might make a few cents on
it. The compensation received will never influence the content, topics
or posts made in this site. All advertising is in the form of
advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those
advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

## Privacy

This site may use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide
social media features and to analyze traffic. Information about your
use of this site may be shared with social media, advertising and
analytics partners who may combine it with other information you've
provided to them or they've collected from your use of their services.
